CALL FOR PARTICIPATION

We are calling for post graduate students and academic staff to
participate in our upcoming workshop:

Why is my Agent so Slow? Deploying Human-Like Conversational Turn-Taking

At HAI (human Agent Interaction) 2023 in Gothenberg on 4th December
2023.

The emphasis on one-to-one speak/wait spoken conversational
interaction with intelligent agents leads to long pauses between
conversational turns, undermines the flow and naturalness of the
interaction, and undermines the user experience. Despite ground
breaking advances in the area of generating and understanding natural
language with techniques such as LLMs, conversational interaction has
remained relatively overlooked. In this workshop we will discuss and
review the challenges, recent work and potential impact of improving
conversational interaction with artificial systems. We hope to share
experiences of poor human/system interaction, best practices with
third party tools, and generate design guidance for the community.

The workshop will be of interest primarily for HAI attendees who work
with spoken conversation as the main means of interaction between
their systems and users. However, we also hope that attendees working
with other modalities, who are curious about how spoken conversational
interaction may improve or support their work, will also attend. We
will ask all attendees to complete a mandatory one page expression of
interest to help support workshop discussions.

Paper submission is optional. Eight accepted papers of sufficient
quality, interest for the workshop, and ability to provoke discussion
will be given a 10 minute presentation slot and will be optionally
hosted on the workshop website. Submitted papers shouldn't be
published elsewhere before the workshop but we are happy for it to be
published elsewhere after the workshop. 

For further information or to be added to the workshop email list
please contact: Éva Székely szekely@kth.se


Organisers:
Matthew Aylett is an Associate Professor at Heriot Watt Edin- burgh
and a co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer of CereProc. His work
focuses on human/robot interaction and conversational interaction.

Éva Székely is an Assistant Professor at KTH Royal Institute of
Technology, Stockholm, Sweden. Her research focuses on conversa-
tional speech synthesis and the perception on spontaneous speech
phenomena.

Donald McMillan is an Assistant Professor in Human-Computer
Interaction at Stockholm University. His research is on the adoption
and use of novel technology such as multi-modal conversational agents
in everyday settings.

Gabriel Skantze is a Professor in Speech Technology at KTH where he is
leading several research projects related to Conversational AI and
Human-Robot Interaction and former President of SIGDIAL.

Marta Romeo is an Assistant Professor in Computer Science at
Heriot-Watt University. Her research interests include trustworthy
human-robot interactions, social robotics and affective computing.

Joel Fischer is Professor of Human-Computer Interaction at the
University of Nottingham. His research takes a human-centred view on
AI-infused technologies. His research approach is multidisciplinary,
drawing on ethnography, participatory design, prototyping, and studies
of technology deployments.

Gisela Reyes Cruz is a Research Fellow, University of Nottingham. Her
research looks at the intersection between Human Computer Interaction
and Accessibility.
